The Watcher for some of you this may
ring a bell but for others who don't
know what I'm talking about let me give
you a rundown the watcher is an unknown
entity or personality that is mentioned
again and again in a bully no one is
really sure who or what the watcher is a
one thing that we could assume is that
it could very well be connected to the
epsilon program Y similar to the epsilon
program from San Andreas it's mentioned
every now and again by minor characters
and occasionally in mainstream media
it's also possible that the watcher is
an all-knowing entity that to put it
frankly watches you the first time the
water ever comes a dimension is during
chapter 2 when you gain access to more
areas in both travel to the cinema an
old bull would wail and look at one of
the posters creepy watch sure no one
ever makes any remarks about this film
or this posted existence of a watcher
except for asylum inmates it is worth
mentioning that the face on the poster
looks a lot like mister luntz
often referred to as the creepy janitor
some have speculated that mr. lungs is a
possible serial killer even one of the
dropouts who occasionally is encountered
during Galloway away makes a comment
towards Jimmy warning him not to anger
the watcher let's be friends but don't
anchor the watcher Jimmy then needs to
break the power box near the statue in
order to cause the watcher stampede once
Jimmy has done this one of the orderlies
will say this man the last thing we need
is some sort of watcher stampede again
look who the little watcher in the woods
is have you ever attacked someone who
committed a crime and bullied just to
have a prefect police officer or teacher
appear out of nowhere my theory is that
the watcher is what keeps track on who's
doing a what sort of like karma there
are other characters from the asylum
that have unused lines warning Jimmy
about the watcher a visitor from the sky
are you here to save us from the watcher
the watcher he watches everything we do
waiting for just the right moment play
save us maybe you can protect me from
The Watcher their water their watcher
has awoken could the statue be connected
to this watcher Wiesler and movie named
after it who or what is the watcher
there are plenty of reasons for the
watcher to be fake for example rockstar
games always makes em f's well-known
often having loads of hints and easter
eggs towards them such as the werewolf
in bali having actual audio files which
you can hear around 8:00 p.m. near the
woody areas of the game such as the
football field or the auto shop
Leatherface another well-known if from
Rockstar Games had load of Easter eggs
towards him in GTA san andreas -
regarding the quotes by the assignment
mates it could just be a call to the
inmates made up the statute inside happy
warts asylum could be a historical
figure in Boris history such as the
founder of Bulworth
and mayor or the man who opened happy
vaults and the inmates considered statue
to be some kind of God or eternal leader
the creepy watcher is most likely a
reference to mr. blunt the janitor of
Borak add me and his disturbing
personality as he has audio files like
yes dr. prowl snitch good finger don't
know what I'm up to dr. kravaal snitch
which you can hear by standing near the
school's clothes store it's also worth
pointing out that near the creepy watch
a poster in all ball with fail there's
another poster advertising the janitor
Massacre which could be another
reference towards mister luntz
disturbing personality I will try to
look further into this but if you have
any closer theories then leave a comment
below explaining your thoughts and
opinions on The Watcher I'm speedy J and
I'm signing out